“I need to find an apartment in Boston.”

Ilya glanced up at him, blinking sleepily. Shane tried not to stare, but it was difficult. Ilya sprawled over the bed, nestled between pillows and blankets, one arm over his head, revealing the patch of light brown hair in his armpit. Shane was sitting against the headboard, his laptop balanced on his left thigh, Ilya’s other hand lying possessively on his right. He squeezed slightly. “You are thinking ahead again, I see.”

“No, not really,” Shane said, tapping anxiously on the trackpad. His email was open to a new message from his mother, and he had several tabs open researching the Boston real estate market. 

It had been a week since Shane received the call confirming that the Montreal Voyageurs had traded him to the Boston Bears, less than a month after he had carried them to the finals for the third year in a row. He had been traded, officially, but Shane had known it was coming since the minute he had been outed to the world. He knew it from the moment he walked into a silent, hostile locker room. He had known it before, during, and after every game, no matter how often he won or how many goals he scored. Montreal no longer wanted him, so they discarded him. Shane Hollander would no longer be captain of his team, the same team that had drafted him. He might not even be a center anymore, or on the first line. He was leaving Canada and his parents and everything.

It had only been a week, but Shane already felt as if he was behind on a quickly encroaching deadline. He had no idea how some players managed to survive being traded in the middle of a season. He thought he would have broken down. “Preseason starts in September, and I’ll want to be there for the whole time, since I’m a new player on the team.”

Just a week. A week of torrential emotional whiplash, torn between shock, elation, and crushing disappointment. The disappointment almost felt ridiculous, because he had known it was coming, long before it happened, had even told Ilya before the playoffs began that Montreal, the team that drafted him, was going to trade him. He had known, but maybe he had still been hoping for something better. So, the feeling of abandonment that sat heavy in his chest might have been ridiculous, but it was very much real.

“So unnecessary,” Ilya groaned. “You are Stanley Cup winner! Skip the extra days.”

“No,” Shane said, trying to push through his inner turmoil. He had to focus. Focusing under pressure was perhaps the thing he was best at in the world, as he had tried to prove at the end of last season, after his secrets had been broadcast across the world, outing Shane to his family, his friends, and every player in the league. “I’ll want to be moved in before we start. Which means I have, like, six weeks to find a real estate agent familiar with Boston, an interior decorator, and make an offer and hope it gets accepted—I hate renting, and I don’t want to have to even think about a lease. I’d rather buy something, and I’d like to get it right the first time around.” He sighed, clicking between the tabs for two different developers, scanning their agent biographies. “That’s, like, two weeks to find a place. A month, max. I need to get a move on. My mom’s also working on it, of course, but it’s not like she knows any more about Boston than I do-”

“I will help,” Ilya sighed, leaning over to kiss Shane’s waist. He dragged his hand up his thigh, nudging the hem of his shirt up so he could kiss the skin. “You like my house, don’t you?”

Shane glanced at him. He looked back at his computer. Focus, he told himself. “Yes. But I don’t have time to have anything built-”

